GUYS, WHY ARE WE
IN THE PRISON?
I THOUGHT WE WERE PLAYING
IN THE ABANDONED MINE SHAFTS
TONIGHT.
WELL, SINCE YOU WERE LATE,
WE MADE AN EXECUTIVE DECISION
WITHOUT YOU.
AND MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T
BE GOING ON DOUBLE DATES
WITH MY EX-WIFE
AND HER NEW BOYFRIEND.
I DIDN'T WANT TO GO!
THERESA MADE ME.
YOU THINK I LIKE
HANGING OUT WITH GRANT?
(laughs)
I LIKE HANGING OUT WITH YOU.
YOU KNOW, MY BUDDY AND I
ARE GONNA SPLIT
THE 96-OUNCE PORTERHOUSE.
SO YOU REALLY CLIMBED
MOUNT EVEREST?
I LOOKED OVER THE WORLD, MAN,
AND LET ME TELL YOU,
IT'S WORTH SAVING.
I HEAR YOU.
I'VE BEEN RECYCLING.
THE WHOLE NIGHT WAS LIKE
A TRIP TO THE DENTIST.
I BEGGED THERESA
TO GET ME OUT OF IT,
BUT YOU KNOW
HOW YOUR SISTER GETS.
I CANNOTBELIEVETHAT IS THE GUY
MY EX-WIFE PICKED.
HEY, WILL, HAVE YOU HEARD
CRAIG'S IMPRESSION OF GRANT?
(deep voice) "OH, I'M GRANT.
I'M TALL AND GOOD-LOOKING.
I ENJOY VITAMINS AND EXERCISE."
(laughing)
IT'S SO TRUE! THAT'S HIM!
OOH! OOH! DO WILL NOW.
(imitates Southern accent)
GIT ON OUT OF THERE NOW!
WHAT? I DON'T SOUND LIKE THAT.
DUDE, CRAIG,
HE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW.
(laughing)
(slaps leg)
(singsongy) HELLO, EVERYBODY!
(singsongy) HELLO!
HI, AUNT BRENDA.
(normal voice) HEY.
LUCY, DO YOU WANNA TELL
AUNT BRENDA
ALL ABOUT YOUR BIG NEWS?
MY FRIEND AMBER
CAN SPIT IN THE AIR
AND CATCH IT IN HER HAND.
THAT'S AWESOME.
NOT AS AWESOME AS OUR LITTLE
DOCTOR-TO-BE GETTING AN "A"
ON HER SCIENCE TEST.
(singsongy) CONGRATULATIONS.
WHICH WE ARE GOING TO CELEBRATE
THIS SUNDAY AT FAMILY DINNER.
YAY!
GOOD MORNING.
MMM. (kisses)
YOU HEARD ABOUT THE "A"
OUR LITTLE GENIUS GOT?
GOOD LORD, PEOPLE.
IT'S ONE TEST.
OKAY, KIDS,
READY TO GO TO SCHOOL?
I DON'T LIKE TO BE MORE THAN
20 MINUTES LATE FOR WORK.
OH, BY THE WAY, I THINK...
(singsongy) SOMEONE HAS
A MAN-CRUSH ON WILL.
REALLY?
GRANT LIKES ME?
SEE YOU GUYS.
(door closes)
WOW. I HOPE
YOU WERE THIS EXCITED
WHEN YOU FOUND OUT
THATILIKED YOU.
WHAT? WHAT AM I DOING?
YOU'RE BEAMING!
I'M NOT BEAMING.
(gasps) YOU'RE BEAMING.
I WONDER WHAT HE LIKES
ABOUT ME.
(gasps) TONIGHT,
WE CAN MAKE A LIST.
MM.
BUT FIRST YOU HAVE TO TELL KENNY
ABOUT SUNDAY DINNER.
WHAT? WHAT--
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
GRANT'S COMING.
YOU NEED TO TALK TO KENNY
SO HE DOESN'T FREAK OUT
WHEN HE SEES THAT
HIS EX-WIFE'S NEW BOYFRIEND
IS NOW PART
OF OUR FAMILY TRADITIONS.
HE'S YOUR BROTHER.
WHY AM I THE ONE
WHO HAS TO TALK TO HIM?
YOU ARE COMING TO FAMILY DINNER
THIS SUNDAY. NO EXCUSES.
(clink)
OH, YEAH.
OKAY, FINE.
I'LL JUST TELL HIM,
"KENNY, GRANT'S COMING
TO DINNER. DEAL WITH IT."
YOU'RE GONNA BLAME IT ON ME,
AREN'T YOU?
YES, I AM.
MM-HMM.
GOOD-BYE.
HEY, DUDE.
HEY.
I GOT YOUR TEXT. WHAT'S UP?
UH, I NEED TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT SOMETHING. SIT DOWN.
(voice breaks) ARE YOU DYING?
NO. IT'S ABOUT GRANT.
(normal voice) ISHEDYING?
(knock on door)
NO.
AND THIS IS WILL KEEN. HE IS
IN CHARGE OF REGIONAL SALES.
DAMN IT.
STEVE, COME ON!
(sighs) MR. EGGERT'S NEPHEW.
HE'S SHADOWING ME ALL WEEK
SO I CAN SHOW HIM THE ROPES.
HOW'S THAT GOING?
REMEMBER IN HIGH SCHOOL
WHEN I SOILED MYSELF
AT THE INDOOR SKYDIVING PLACE?
(Kenny groans)
YES.
THIS IS WORSE.
DUDE, RELAX.
I STOPPED TO GET A DOUGHNUT
OFF THE FAT GIRL'S DESK.
HELLO, STEVE.
CALL ME "EGGNOG."
WHY DO THEY CALL YOU EGGNOG?
NO, NO, NO. DON'T ASK HIM THAT--
♪ FROM THE EGG TO THE NOG ♪
♪ LIKE A LOG IN A BOG-- ♪
STEVE! STOP.
DUDE, IS THAT YOUR WIFE?
YES, IT IS.
(chuckles)
YOU SEE THIS CHICK
HE GETS TO PLOW?
OKAY, THAT'S IT. LET'S GO.
I'VE SEEN HER EVERY DAY
OF MY LIFE. SHE'S MY SISTER.
OKAY, JUST GO, PLEASE. GOD.
UGH!
THAT GUYISWORSE
THAN THE INDOOR SKYDIVING PLACE.
AT LEAST
THEN WE GOT A VIDEO.
(flaps lips)
"STOP THE FANS!"
(laughs) THAT WAS...
YEAH, GOOD TIMES.
YEAH.
SO...
YEAH?
DID WILL TELL YOU YET?
TELL ME... WHAT?
(whispers) I DON'T KNOW.
OKAY, LOOK, GRANT IS COMING
TO FAMILY DINNER THIS SUNDAY.
WHAT?!
UNACCEPTABLE.
I KNOW, I KNOW! AND THAT'S
WHAT I TOLD THERESA...
MM-HMM.
BUT SHE INSISTED.
I--MY HANDS ARE TIED.
MM-HMM. SO UNTIE THEM, OKAY?
YOU DON'T WANT THAT JERK
IN YOUR HOUSE.
WELL, YOU KNOW, ACTUALLY--
"ACTUALLY" WHAT?
I LIKE HIM, OKAY?
WE'RE FRIENDS.
YOU'RE FRIENDS?
(chuckles)
(sighs)
FRIENDS.
(scoffs)
YOU HEARING THIS, CRAIG?
OH, I'M HEARING IT.
ACTUALLY,
I KINDA LIKE HIM, TOO.
YOU'VE BEEN SPENDING TIME
WITH HIM?
A LITTLE.
(giggles)
KICK, BUDDY. KEEP YOUR HEAD UP.
GOOD JOB!
(giggles)
HE'S TEACHING ME TO SWIM.
HE'S A WONDERFUL SWIMMER.
(whispers) WOW.
(normal voice)
I EXPECTED A LITTLE MORE
FROM A MAN THAT I OWE
THREE MONTHS BACK RENT TO.
HEY, GRANT IS A GOOD GUY, KENNY,
AND HE'S IMPORTANT TO BRENDA,
SO HE'S JUST GONNA BE PART
OF OUR LIVES NOW.
I SEE.
OH! OKAY!
KENNY.
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
FINE!
(Craig) UH, YOU KNOW...
ALL RIGHT! ALL RIGHT!
YOU GUYS LIKE HIM SO MUCH?
FINE!
I'M OUTTA HERE!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I HOPE YOU ALL HAVE
A NICE LIFE TOGETHER
AS THE THREE DOUCHE-KATEERS!
KENNY.
UHH! (muttering)
WOW.
NOT HIS BEST PARTING INSULT.
BETTER THAN WHEN HE CALLED US
SIMON AND BUTTFUNKEL
AT MY WEDDING.
HMM.
ANOTHER TEXT FROM KENNY.
"I HOPE YOU, GRANT,
AND CRAIG HAVE FUN
AS THE THREE ASS-MIGOS."
THE ONLY WAY OUT OF THIS IS
TO GET KENNY TO ACCEPT GRANT.
I NEED TO FINESSE
SOME KIND OF BROMANCE.
YOU THINK MY FATHER
EVER WOULD'VE USED
THE WORD "BROMANCE"?
NO,
BUT HE ALSO NEVER SAT
ON A COUNTER WEARING FLIP-FLOPS,
EATING A YOGURT PARFAIT,
AND SWINGING HIS LEGS
MY DAD WOULD'VE MADE THEM
HASH IT OUT IN THE BACKYARD
LIKE A COUPLE OF MEN.
AND BY THE WAY, GLADIATORS
USED TO WEAR FLIP-FLOPS.
THEY JUST CALLED THEM SANDALS.
(Theresa gasps) LUCY! HEY!
DID YOU HAVE A GOOD TIME
AT THE MALL WITH YOUR AUNT B.?
IT WAS AWESOME.
YEAH?
BRENDA, I NEED TO MAKE KENNY
WANNA BE FRIENDS WITH GRANT.
NOW YOU GUYS KNOW HIM
BETTER THAN ANYBODY.
WHAT DO THEY HAVE IN COMMON?
WELL, THEY BOTH BREATHE OXYGEN
AND HAVE HAD SEX WITH BRENDA.
OH, BUT THAT DESCRIBES
A LOT OF PEOPLE.
(chuckles)
TRUE.
WILL, THESE GUYS COULDN'T BE
MORE DIFFERENT.
ONE'S TALL, ONE'S KENNY.
ONE'S ATHLETIC, ONE'S KENNY.
ONE'S NEVER SEEN "STAR WARS,"
ONE WANTS TO NAME HIS FIRSTBORN
HAN SOLO,
EVEN IF IT'S A GIRL.
WAIT, GRANT HASNEVERSEEN
"STAR WARS"?
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?
HE WAS BUSY HAVING SEX
WITH WOMEN AND NOT BEING A NERD.
"STAR WARS." HUH.
LUCY, WHAT IS THAT
ON YOUR BACK?
OH, AUNT BRENDA GOT IT FOR ME
'CAUSE OF MY "A" IN SCIENCE.
NOW WE BOTH HAVE
MATCHING TATTOOS!
(chuckles)
(sighs)
IT'S HENNA. IT WASHES OFF
IN A FEW WEEKS.
IT'S A TRAMP STAMP...
ON A 7-YEAR-OLD.
LUCY, I THINK MOMMY WOULD LIKE
TO TALK TO AUNT BRENDA ALONE.
I THINK AUNT BRENDA WOULD LIKE
PEOPLE TO STAY IN THE ROOM.
BRENDA, DO YOU REALIZE
WHAT KIND OF A MESSAGE
A TATTOO LIKE THAT SENDS?
UH, YEAH.
IT SENDS A MESSAGE
THAT SHE'S A 7-YEAR-OLD GIRL
WHO WANTED
A LITTLE DECORATION.
GIRLS WHO GET TRAMP STAMPS ARE
NOT GIRLS WHO BECOME DOCTORS.
THE WIND UP STANDING ON TABLES,
TOPLESS,
WITH PEOPLE THRUSTING
DOLLAR BILLS AT THEM.
YOU'RE BEING RIDICULOUS.
I HAVE A TATTOO.
HAVE I EVER DONE THAT?
SPRING BREAK, DAYTONA BEACH,
SOPHOMORE YEAR OF COLLEGE.
ISOLATED INCIDENT.
SPRING BREAK, DAYTONA BEACH,
JUNIOR YEAR OF COLLEGE.
ANOTHER ISOLATED INCIDENT.
WINTER BREAK, DAYTONA BEACH--
ISOLATED INCIDENT. (chuckles)
I COULD DO THIS ALL DAY.
(singsongy) HEY, KENNY.
(door closes)
LISTEN, CRAIG AND I FEEL BAD
ABOUT YESTERDAY.
YOU MEAN WHEN
YOU BOTH BETRAYED ME
AND VIOLATED 23 YEARS
OF FRIENDSHIP?
(can hisses)
SO WE BROUGHT YOU
THOSE NOODLES YOU LOVE
FROM... (singsongy)
GUESS WHERE?
COCK-A-NOODLE DOO.
(mutters)
AND THE LATEST ISSUE
OF "KUNG FU" MAGAZINE.
IT'S GOT AN ARTICLE CALLED
"SUPER COOL TRICKS
FOR BREAKING BIG BRICKS."
AND HERE'S A MODEL
OF TOM PETTY'S CAR.
I KNOW YOU REALLY LIKE IT.
I LIKERICHARDPETTY'S CAR.
OH!
OH. IT MAKES SENSE.
OH, I WONDERED WHY YOU WANTED
A TOY PRIUS.
OKAY, I CAN TAKE IT BACK.
NO, THIS IS PRETTY COOL.
OOH, IT'S GOT
THE CARPOOL DECAL.
MM.
SO HEY, I HAVE AN IDEA.
WHY DON'T WE WATCH "STAR WARS"
THIS AFTERNOON?
I ALREADY WATCHED IT
THIS MORNING...
SO ABSOLUTELY.
CRAIG, GET THE SHADES.
THERE'S ONE OTHER THING
I BROUGHT.
COME ON IN, GRANT!
THIS WAS TOTALLY WILL'S IDEA.
(grunts)
(closes door)
HI, KENNY.
I GOT YOU STEVE PERRY'S
FJ CRUISER.
(exhales sharply)
AND I CAN SEE BY THE LOOK
ON YOUR FACE I'M WAY OFF.
(strained voice)
WHAT IS HE DOING HERE?!
LISTEN TO ME. HE HAS NEVER SEEN
"STAR WARS" BEFORE.
(grunts)
HE'S ALWAYS WANTED TO,
AND I TOLD HIM
THERE'S ONLY ONE PERSON
WHO SHOULD SHOW IT TO HIM.
KENNY...
YOU CAN TAKE
HIS "STAR"-GINITY.
(normal voice) IS THIS TRUE,
YOU'VE...NEVERSEEN
"STAR WARS"?
I HEAR IT'S A WONDERFUL FILM.
(scoffs)
KENNY, PLEASE.
SHOW THIS GUY THE GREATEST MOVIE
EVER MADE AND BLOW HIS MIND.
(whispers)
BLOW HIS MIND, KENNY.
OKAY. I JUST NEED
TO PUT SOME PANTS ON.
(imitates lightsaber humming)
IN 1977,
A 33-YEAR-OLD GEORGE LUCAS
HAD A VISION OF A GALAXY
FAR, FAR AWAY.
(imitates Darth Vader's
breathing)
TODAY, I'M GOING
TO SHOW THIS VISION TO YOU
IN ITS PURIST FORM, THE WAY
IT WAS MEANT TO BE SEEN--
ON BETAMAX. CRAIG?
(both sing indistinctly,
high-pitched voices)
THIS IS AN ORIGINAL
1982 RENTAL-ONLY BETAMAX COPY
OF LUCAS' MASTERPIECE.
IT'S INCREDIBLY RARE
AND INCREDIBLY VALUABLE,
ALTHOUGH
IT'S A LITTLE HARD TO HEAR
BECAUSE I ONCE SPILLED
HAWAIIAN PUNCH ON IT.
(imitates
lightsaber whooshing)
(imitates lightsaber hum)
BOOP!
CAN I ASK A QUESTION?
(click)
IF THIS IS IN A GALAXY
FAR, FAR AWAY,
WOULDN'T THEY BE SPEAKING
IN AN ALIEN LANGUAGE?
(moans softly)
UH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
VERY GOOD QUESTION, GRANT.
HOW ABOUT THAT, KENNY?
KIND OF FUN TO HAVE SOME
FRESH EYES ON THIS MOVIE, HUH?
(scoffs)
THE TRANSLATION IS SIMPLY
SO WE CAN UNDERSTAND
THE TEXT OF THE FILM.
IF IT WERE IN THE NATIVE TONGUE
OF TATOOINE,
WE WOULDN'T BE ABLE
TOFOLLOW IT.
OH, WE COULD READ SUBTITLES.
GRANT, JUST GO WITH IT.
(click)
WHAT'S THAT LITTLE ROBOT'S NAME?
HE'S CUTE.
HIS NAME IS R2-D2.
HE'S NOT A ROBOT. HE'S A DROID.
(gasps) OHH.
I HAVE A ROOMBA.
(click)
THAT'S THE GUY
FROM "AIR FORCE ONE."
THAT'S IT!
I CAN'T WATCH IT ANYMORE!
YOU WANNA WATCH
"BIG MOMMA'S HOUSE" INSTEAD?
KENNY, CALM DOWN.
WILL... "AIR FORCE ONE"?
THAT'SWHERE HE RECOGNIZES
HARRISON FORD FROM?!
HE WAS ALSO
IN "REGARDING HENRY,"
AND I BELIEVE HE'S MARRIED
TO ALLY McBEAL.
(imitates lightsaber
powering down) SHOW'S OVER.
KENNY...
ALLYMcBEAL.
(lightsaber clatters)
(muttering)
OH, CRAP.
MY TAPE IS STUCK.
(rattles)
OH, NO. MY TAPE.
OH, GOD! POP IT!
POP UP!POP UP!
MY TAPE. (groans) POP UP!
(Will) DON'T--DON'T FORCE IT.
DON'T FORCE IT, KENNY.
(Craig) NO, NO, NO.
COME ON! WORK WITH ME!
YOU'VE GOTTA--
OH, SWEETIE!
KENNY, KENNY, KENNY, SLOW DOWN.
OKAY. HOLD IT.
NO, DON'T YOU--DON'T YOU PUT
YOUR DIRTY HANDS ON HER!
(cell phone rings)
(ring)
(beep)
HELLO?
SO I WAS THINKING,
YOU--YOU AND BRENDA
ARE IN A FIGHT.
MAYBE WE SHOULD CANCEL
FAMILY DINNER TOMORROW.
NO! IT'S FINE.
I THINK I WAS JUST OVERREACTING
TO THE HENNA TATTOO.
I'M SURE IT'S HARMLESS.
AAH!
(electricity crackling)
UHH!
OH, I GOT ZAPPED.
I GOT ZAPPED.
(Warrant)
♪ SHE'S MY CHERRY PIE ♪
♪ PUT A SMILE ON YOUR FACE
10 MILES WIDE ♪
♪ LOOKS SO GOOD,
BRING A TEAR TO YOUR EYE ♪
♪ SWEET CHERRY PIE ♪
HERE, LUCY.
HERE'S THAT DOLLAR YOU LOANED ME
FOR THE SODA MACHINE.
♪ OH, YEAH, BABY! ♪
♪ SWING IT! ♪
THERE'S A TAPE CAUGHT INSIDE.
OH.
YOU NEED TO GET IT OUT.
IT'S AN EMERGENCY.
AN EMERGENCY, HUH? GAY PORN?
HOMEMADE?
WHAT?
YOU CHASING EACH OTHER AROUND
IN YOUR SKIVVIES?
SIR, DO WE LOOK GAY TO YOU?
WELL, HE DOES.
OH, COME ON.ME?
YEAH.
ARE YOU KIDDING?!
IT'S 'CAUSE
YOU'RE SLIGHT AND NEAT.
TAKE IT AS A COMPLIMENT.
(scoffs)
(whispers) IT'S "STAR WARS."
OH! YOU GUYS DRESSED
AS "STAR WARS" CHARACTERS,
PLAYING
WITH YOUR LIGHTSABERS?
COULD YOU JUST GET
THE TAPE OUT FOR US?
OH, FINE.
GIVE ME A FEW MINUTES. (sighs)
(scoffs)
I'MTHE GAY ONE?
SERIOUSLY, OF THE FOUR OF US,
I PROBABLY HAVE
THE MOST EXPERIENCE WITH WOMEN.
RIDICULOUS.
(telephone ringing)
HELLO, LADIES! WHAT'S UP?
LUCY, HONEY, TELL AUNT BRENDA
WHAT YOU TOLD ME IN THE CAR.
I CAN'T WAIT TO GET
A REAL TATTOO.
FIX THIS.
(door opens)
(sighs)
YOUR SEX TAPE DIDN'T MAKE IT.
(groans and whimpers)
(crying)
THIS ISYOURFAULT!
IF YOU HADN'T TRIED
TO FORCE ME TO BE FRIENDS
WITH THE SCORPION KING
AND ALL
OF HIS STUPID QUESTIONS,
MY TAPE WOULD STILL BE HERE.
I'M SORRY, KENNY. THERE WERE
A LOT OF THINGS IN THAT MOVIE
THAT JUST DIDN'T TRACK FOR ME.
YOU WANNA TRACK SOMETHING?
TRACK THIS.
IF THIS WERE A TRACK MEET,
I'D BE RUNNING...
AWAY FROM ALL OF YOU...
(whispers)
ANDI'DCOME IN FIRST.
GOOD DAY!
(slams opens door)
WELL, THE TABLE SEEMS
A LITTLE LONG, DOESN'T IT, BOYS?
HENRY VIII COMING?
KENNY SITS THERE.
GRANT SITS DOWN THERE.
WE'LL PUT
A BIG FLORAL ARRANGEMENT
RIGHT IN THE CENTER.
I TALKED TO KENNY, ALL RIGHT?
HE SAID THAT HE'S READY
TO BURY THE HATCHET.
WAIT. DID HE SAY "BURY"
OR "BRING"?
BECAUSE THE GUY OWNS, LIKE,
150 HATCHETS.
IT'LL BE FINE.
(door opens)
(Kenny, singsongy) HELLO!
BING-BONG!
(normal voice) HEY, GUYS!
HEY, MAN.
(chuckles) HI.
I HOPE YOU DON'T MIND, BUT, UH,
I INVITED A GUEST OVER TONIGHT.
(door closes)
OH. NO. (sighs)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
IF YOU GET TO ADD A FRIEND TO
OUR GROUP, THEN I GET TO, TOO.
DUDE, YOU SAID WE WERE GOING
TO LASER TAG.
THIS PLACE SUCKS!
EVERYONE HERE IS OLD.
(laughing)
WHY DON'T YOU HAVE
ANY CREAM SODA?
NOTHING HERE IS TO DRINK.
(laughing)
(Will) OKAY. AHEM.
WELL, I'M SO GLAD
THAT MOST OF YOU ARE HERE,
AND I WOULD LIKE TO MAKE A TOAST
TO FRIENDSHIP.
YES, WE ALSO WANT TO TOAST LUCY,
OUR LITTLE DOCTOR.
I DON'T WANT
TO BE A DOCTOR ANYMORE.
WHAT? WHY NOT?
YOUR HENNA TATTOO WILL
WASH OFF IN A FEW WEEKS,
BUT IF YOU GET A REAL TATTOO
AND YOU DON'T WANT IT ANYMORE,
THERE IS ONLY ONE WAY
TO GET RID OF IT.
(laser zapping)
(crying)
AUNT BRENDA SHOWED ME
THAT DOCTORS HURT PEOPLE...
WITHLASERS.
(chuckles)
AT LEAST SHE DOESN'T WANT
A TATTOO.
EGGNOG, MAKE THAT PTERODACTYL
SOUND YOU MADE IN THE CAR.
(imitates
pterodactyl screeching)
YEAH, YOU KNOW WHAT, KENNY?
YOU'RE A CHILD.
I'M A CHILD?
HA. YEAH.
OKAY.
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO STARTED THIS
WHEN YOU BROUGHT
THETAPE BREAKER
INTO OUR FAMILY HERE.
(scoffs)
I DIDN'T BREAK THE TAPE.
I SIMPLY HAD A QUESTION
ABOUT THE LITTLE BLUE ROBOT
BEEP BOOP-BOOP.
I--YOU...
(fork clinks and clatters)
OHH.
(utensils clatter)
OKAY, HIS NAME IS R2-D2,
AND HE'S A DROID, NOT A ROBOT.
OKAY, GUYS.
IS THERE A DIFFERENCE?
YES. A DROID IS
A CONSCIOUS MECHANICAL BEING
WITH A SELF-CONTAINED METHOD
OFLOCOMOTION!
THAT SOUNDS LIKE A ROBOT
TO ME.
WELL YOU SOUND LIKE
A JERK-BOT TO ME!
OKAY, THAT'S IT. I'M DONE.
YOU KNOW, I'M TRYING
TO GET YOU GUYS TO BE FRIENDS,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF YOU DON'T LIKE EACH OTHER,
THEN YOU'RE JUST GONNA HAVE TO
HASH IT OUT LIKE MEN.
FINE.
I'M HAPPY TO FIGHT HIM.
GREAT.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
THIS IS AWESOME!
A SUPER LONG TABLEANDA FIGHT!
WILL! KIDS, TO THE DEN.
(pounds tabletop)
(Nathan) WHAT?
BUT UNCLE KENNY
IS ABOUT TO DIE!
NOW!
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
UNCLE KENNY IS NOT GONNA DIE
TODAY, LITTLE ONE. COME ON!
WILL, STOP THIS.
NO, NO, NO.
THEY HAVE TO SETTLE THIS,
AND IF THAT MEANS FIGHTING,
SO BE IT.
KENNY, YOU DO NOT WANNA
DO THIS.
OHH,YES, I DO.
(Theresa)
KIDS, GO TO THE DEN NOW.
I WON'T FIGHT YOU, KENNY.
OH, YEAH?
WELL, YOU SHOULD'VE THOUGHT OF
THAT BEFORE YOU BROKE MYTAPE!
OKAY,
COUPLE GROUND RULES.
NO BITING, NO GOUGING,
NO BALL PLAY,
AND--WAIT A MINUTE.
OH!
(gasps)
(muffled voice) COME ON!
(sputters)
UM, GRANT,
I THINK YOU'RE KILLING HIM.
I USED TO WORK
WITH DISTURBED ANIMALS...
(grunting)
MOSTLY AGGRESSIVE DOGS
AND VERBALLY ABUSIVE PARROTS.
THE BEST THING TO DO WHEN
THEY BECAUSE OVERSTIMULATED
IS TO SUBDUE THEM
UNTIL THEIR RAGE DISSIPATES.
(groans)
PLEASE LET ME GO.
MY RAGE HAS DISSIPATED.
NO, IT HASN'T.
YOU'RE FAKING IT.
SON OF A--
(grunts)
(grunting)
(whines)
SHH. SHH.
OH!
MM.
(whispers) OKAY.
(normal voice) I'M CALM NOW.
GOOD BOY.
(breathing heavily)
I'M SORRY!
OKAY?
SORRY.
IT'S JUST THAT ME AND CRAIG
AND WILL,
WE'VE BEEN FRIENDS
SINCE MR. WATRELL'S SHOP CLASS.
AND NOWHE'SHERE,
AND YOU GOT PEOPLE TO
GO ON YOUR DOUBLE DATES WITH
AND TO BRING
TO YOUR FAMILY DINNERS AND...
I-I GOT WORRIED.
JUST FORGET IT.
(coughs) WUSSY!
KENNY, KENNY, NOBODY'S TRYING
TO REPLACE YOU.
IT'S JUST THAT I--
GRANT'S A GOOD GUY,
AND--AND HE'S GONNA
BE AROUND NOW.
SO, YOU KNOW, YOU ARE ALWAYS
GONNA BE MY BEST FRIEND.
WILL, YOU SAID THAT--
CRAIG.
I GET IT. MAKING A POINT.
YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND, TOO,
KENNY.
(mouths words)
(whispers) RIGHT.
I'M SORRY ABOUT
YOUR "STAR WAR" TAPE, KENNY.
IT'S "STARWARS."PLURAL.
AND IT'S FINE.
IT WASN'T YOUR FAULT.
IF IT'S ALL RIGHT, I'D LIKE
TO BUY YOU ANOTHER TAPE.
W--Y-- (laughs) YOU CAN'T
JUST BUY SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
THAT'S A FIRST EDITION
BETAMAX.
YOU KNOW WHAT PEOPLE WOULD DO
FOR THAT?
THEY'D STEAL, THEY'D CHEAT,
THEY'D...
THEY WOULD LIE
AND SAY THAT YOUR VCR ATE IT.
THAT OLD MAN NEVER DID
GIVE US THAT TAPE BACK.
LET'S RIDE!
LET ME GO! AAH!
NOT UNTIL YOU'RE CALM.
(grunts)
(groans)
AHH. (pants)
THAT TAPE IS
UNDER THE COUNTER.
AH, HA HA!
GOOD BOY.
(sighs)
F.Y.I., MISTER.
I'VE HAD SEXUAL CONTACT
WITH OVER 34 FEMALES,
I ALMOST APPLIED
TO THE AIR FORCE ACADEMY,
AND I ONCE RODE ON THE BACK
OF MY UNCLE DON'S HARLEY.
DOES THAT SOUND GAY TO YOU?
DIDN'T THINK SO.
LET'S HIT IT.
♪♪♪
(thud, clatter)
IN THE YEAR 2000,
MIDDLE-AGED DIRECTOR
RAJA GOSNELL
HAD A BOLD VISION
OF AN OVERWEIGHT MOMMA
WHO HAD A HOUSE.
TODAY I'M GOING TO SHOW YOU
THAT VISION--
"BIG MOMMA'S HOUSE," THE WAY
IT WAS MEANT TO BE SEEN--
ON BASIC CABLE WITH MANY
COMMERCIAL INTERRUPTIONS.
(Craig, Kenny, and Will
laughing)
OH, WATCH THIS. WATCH THIS.
NOW SHE HAS TO PRETEND
SHE'S A MIDWIFE.
(both laugh)
CAN YOU BELIEVE THE LUCK
BIG MOMMA'S HAVING?
I'M SORRY,
ARE WE SUPPOSED TO BELIEVE THAT
THIS INTELLIGENT YOUNG WOMAN IS
COMPLETELY UNAWARE THAT THE MAN
SHE'S FALLING IN LOVE WITH
IS ALSO HER OBESE,
BASKETBALL-DUNKING GRANDMOTHER?
DON'T GET HUNG UP ON PLOT.
JUST ENJOY THE GIGANTIC FAKE
BOOBS GETTING CAUGHT IN STUFF.
(laughs)
OH, BIG MOMMA, YOU CRAZY!
I REALLY WANNA BOND WITH YOU,
BUT SERIOUSLY, FELLAS,
WHAT'S THE LAST BOOK
YOU ALL READ?
(inhales sharply)